README.md, before:

# Chrysalis Cloud Machine Learning Examples

This repository contains couple of examples how to use standard machine learning frameworks in conjunction with Chrysalis Cloud. 

## Examples

1. `facial-landmarks` in the cloud
2. `object-detection` in the cloud
3. `mask-detection` in the cloud

### Facial Landmarks

Prerequsities:
- Anaconda
- OBS Studio

Languages:
- Python

Libraries:
- dlib
- OpenCV
- Chrysalis Cloud SDK
- imutils

![facial landmarks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/master/assets/face_markers.jpg)

[View example code](https://github.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/tree/master/facial-landmarks)

### Object Detection

Prerequsities:
- Anaconda
- OBS Studio

Languages:
- Python

Libraries:
- TensorFlow 2.1.0
- OpenCV
- Chrysalis Cloud SDK
- pycocotools

Deep learning model:
- ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2017_11_17

![object detection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/master/assets/object_detection.png)

[View example code](https://github.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/tree/master/object-detection)

Commit message:

added screenshots of covid19 example and modified global readme

README.md, after:

# Chrysalis Cloud Machine Learning Examples

This repository contains examples how to modify some of the existing examples out there to work on IP network cameras and Chrysalis Cloud.

## Examples

1. [`facial-landmarks` in the cloud](#facial-landmarks)
2. [`object-detection` in the cloud](#object-detection)
3. [`mask-detection` in the cloud](#covid19-mask-detection)

### Facial Landmarks

Prerequsities:
- Anaconda
- OBS Studio

Languages:
- Python

Libraries:
- dlib
- OpenCV
- Chrysalis Cloud SDK
- imutils

![facial landmarks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/master/assets/face_markers.jpg)

[View example code](https://github.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/tree/master/facial-landmarks)

### Object Detection

Prerequsities:
- Anaconda
- OBS Studio

Languages:
- Python

Libraries:
- TensorFlow 2.1.0
- OpenCV
- Chrysalis Cloud SDK
- pycocotools

Deep learning model:
- ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2017_11_17

![object detection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/master/assets/object_detection.png)

[View example code](https://github.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/tree/master/object-detection)


### Covid19 Mask Detection

Prerequsities:
- Anaconda
- OBS Studio

Languages:
- Python

Libraries:
- TensorFlow 2.1.0
- OpenCV
- Chrysalis Cloud SDK
- imutils
- 

![facial landmarks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chryscloud/chryscloud-ai-examples/master/assets/mask_detection.jpg)
